Explain how to undo brew edit (#15593)
Homebrew/brew: docs/FAQ.md

Note that if you are editing a core formula or cask you must set `HOMEBREW_NO_INSTALL_FROM_API=1` before using `brew install` or `brew update` otherwise they will ignore your local changes and default to the API.

> To undo your changes, run `brew update-reset`. It will revert to the upstream state on all Homebrew's repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To undo all changes you have made to any of Homebrew's repositories, run `brew update-reset`. It will revert to the upstream state on all Homebrew's repositories.
```
